MOON. GLORIOUS MOON. FULL, FAT, REDDISH moon, the night as light as
day, the moonlight flooding down across the land and bringing joy, joy, joy.
Bringing too the full-throated call of the tropical night, the soft and wild voice of
the wind roaring through the hairs on your arm, the hollow wail of starlight, the
teeth-grinding bellow of the moonlight off the water.
All calling to the Need. Oh, the symphonic shriek of the thousand hiding voices,
the cry of the Need inside, the entity, the silent watcher, the cold quiet thing, the
one that laughs, the Moondancer. The me that was not-me, the thing that mocked
and laughed and came calling with its hunger. With the Need. And the Need was
very strong now, very careful cold coiled creeping crackly cocked and ready, very
strong, very much ready now—and still it waited and watched, and it made me
wait and watch.
I had been waiting and watching the priest for five weeks now. The Need had
been prickling and teasing and prodding at me to find one, find the next, find this
priest. For three weeks I had known he was it, he was next, we belonged to the
Dark Passenger, he and I together. And that three weeks I had spent fighting the
pressure, the growing Need, rising in me like a great wave that roars up and over
the beach and does not recede, only swells more with every tick of the bright
night's clock.
But it was careful time, too, time spent making sure. Not making sure of the
priest, no, I was long sure of him. Time spent to be certain that it could be done
right, made neat, all the corners folded, all squared away. I could not be caught,not now. I had worked too hard, too long, to make this work for me, to protect my
happy little life.
And I was having too much fun to stop now.
And so I was always careful. Always tidy. Always prepared ahead of time so it
would be right. And when it was right, take extra time to be sure. It was the Harry
way, God bless him, that farsighted perfect policeman, my foster father. Always be
sure, be careful, be exact, he had said, and for a week now I had been sure that
everything was just as Harry-right as it could be. And when I left work this night, I
knew this was it. This night was the Night. This night felt different. This night it
would happen, had to happen. Just as it had happened before. Just as it would
happen again, and again.
And tonight it would happen to the priest.
His name was Father Donovan. He taught music to the children at St.
Anthony's Orphanage in Homestead, Florida. The children loved him. And of
course he loved the children, oh very much indeed. He had devoted a whole life to
them. Learned Creole and Spanish. Learned their music, too. All for the kids.
Everything he did, it was all for the kids.
Everything.
I watched him this night as I had watched for so many nights now. Watched as
he paused in the orphanage doorway to talk to a young black girl who had
followed him out. She was small, no more than eight years old and small for that.
He sat on the steps and talked to her for five minutes. She sat, too, and bounced
up and down. They laughed. She leaned against him. He touched her hair. A nun
came out and stood in the doorway, looking down at them for a moment before she
spoke. Then she smiled and held out a hand. The girl bumped her head against
the priest. Father Donovan hugged her, stood, and kissed the girl good night. The
nun laughed and said something to Father Donovan. He said something back.
And then he started toward his car. Finally: I coiled myself to strike and—
Not yet. A janitorial service minivan stood fifteen feet from the door. As Father
Donovan passed it, the side door slid open. A man leaned out, puffing on a
cigarette, and greeted the priest, who leaned against the van and talked to the
man.
Luck. Luck again. Always luck on these Nights. I had not seen the man, not
guessed he was there. But he would have seen me. If not for Luck.
I took a deep breath. Let it out slow and steady, icy cold. It was only one small
thing. I had not missed any others. I had done it all right, all the same, all the way
it had to be done. It would be right.