Just recently, I watched a long-acclaimed film, which was very popular with my friends, and, indeed, it was not for nothing that it became a box office.
 "Train to Busan" is a South Korean horror thriller about zombies, created by director-screenwriter Yong Sang-ho in 2016. The cast in this film is huge and there are quite a lot of main characters, but one can be singled out - Gong Yu, who played the ever-employed broker Seok Woo. In the story, he is divorced and lives in Seoul with his mother, who looks after his daughter Soo An. On the day of her birth, the girl wants her and her father to go to her mother in Busan, but the heroes do not have time to get on the train, as the city is engulfed by an epidemic of an unknown virus that turns its victims into bloodthirsty murderers. It would seem that you can feel safe in a rushing express train, but one of the passengers turns out to be infected, so the trip does not go quite smoothly.

I rarely watch any eastern films, I prefer Western cinema, so I didn't expect much before watching it, I thought it was an uninteresting "typical" zombie movie. However, I really liked this one, in Korea they can make a creepy and touching blockbuster at the same time. 

I have no complaints about the actors' performance, because some of the characters aroused in me exactly the feeling of disgust and pity that, apparently, the creator wanted to convey. For example, Yeon Seok, who is the main antagonist in the whole movie. This is a rich, selfish and evil character who only cares about himself.
In addition, throughout the film, you empathize very much with the characters who got into such a situation, and really think about how you would behave in their place. 

Special effects and makeup are amazing in their truthfulness. A huge number of actors are involved, whose actions and movements are honed. It feels like they are about to catch up and grab the character. Goosebumps ran sometimes and it was even scary, everything was so realistic.

The finale is something incredible and dramatic. For the particularly impressionable and emotional, it will be heartbreaking. I admit, I couldn't stand it and not cry. I was shocked and was impressed for a long time. 

The film perfectly shows the actions of people in an extreme situation. It is at such moments that some people show their true attitude to others, their face. Someone cares only about himself, someone is trying to help others. Someone is panicking, someone is being manipulated, someone is manipulating.

In general, the film is exciting and very interesting. It makes you think about human vices, about how important it is to remain human. The plot of the film is very exciting and therefore the movie looks great. I recommend it for viewing.