I AM PRETTY SURE THAT DEBORAH TOOK YOUNG MR. Bad Hair Day back to
the lounge, because when I looked up again, she was standing in front of me,
alone. In spite of her blue uniform she did not look at all like a cop right now. She
looked worried, like she couldn't decide whether to yell or to cry, like a mommy
whose special little boy had let her down in a big way.
“Well?” she demanded, and I had to agree that she had a point.
“Not terribly,” I said. “You?”
She kicked a chair. It fell over. “Goddamn it, Dexter, don't give me that clever
shit! Tell me something. Tell me that wasn't you!” I didn't say anything. “Well then,
tell me it is you! Just tell me SOMETHING! Anything at all!”
I shook my head. “I—” There was really nothing to say, so I just shook my head
again. “I'm pretty sure it isn't me,” I said. “I mean, I don't think so.” Even to me
that sounded like I had both feet firmly planted in the land of lame answers.
“What does that mean, pretty sure?” Deb demanded. “Does that mean you're not
sure? That it might be you in that picture?”
“Well,” I said, a truly brilliant riposte, considering. “Maybe. I don't know.”
“And does ‘I don't know' mean you don't know whether you're going to tell me,
or does it mean that you really don't know if that's you in the picture?”
“I'm pretty sure it isn't me, Deborah,” I repeated. “But I really don't know for
sure. It looks like me, doesn't it?”
“Shit,” she said, and kicked the chair where it lay. It slammed into the table.
“How can you not know, goddamn it?!”
“It is a little tough to explain.”
“Try!”
I opened my mouth, but for once in my life nothing came out. As if everything
else wasn't bad enough, I seemed to be all out of clever, too. “I just—I've been
having these… dreams, but—Deb, I really don't know,” I said, and I may have
actually mumbled it.
“Shit shit SHIT!” said Deborah. Kick kick kick.
And it was very hard to disagree with her analysis of the situation.
All my stupid, self-mutilating musings swam back at me with a bright and
mocking edge. Of course it wasn't me—how could it be me? Wouldn't I know it if it
was me? Apparently not, dear boy. Apparently you didn't actually know anything
at all. Because our deep dark dim little brains tell us all kinds of things that swim
in and out of reality, but pictures do not lie.
Deb unleashed a new volley of savage attacks on the chair, and then
straightened up. Her face was flushed very red and her eyes looked more like
Harry's eyes than they ever had before. “All right,” she said. “It's like this,” and she
blinked and paused for a moment as it occurred to both of us that she had just
said a Harry thing.
And for a second Harry was there in the room between me and Deborah, the two
of us so very different, and yet still both Harry's kids, the two strange fists of his
unique legacy. Some of the steel went out of Deb's back and she looked human, a
thing I hadn't seen for a while. She stared at me for a long moment, and then
turned away. “You're my brother, Dex,” she said. I was very sure that was not
what she had originally intended to say.
“No one will blame you,” I told her.
“Goddamn you, you're my brother!” she snarled, and the ferocity of it took me
completely by surprise. “I don't know what went on with you and Dad. The stuff
you two never talked about. But I know what he would have done.”
“Turned me in,” I said, and Deborah nodded. Something glittered in the corner
of her eye. “You're all the family I have, Dex.”
“Not such a great bargain for you, is it?”
She turned to me, and I could see tears in both eyes now. For a long moment
she just looked at me. I watched the tear run from her left eye and roll down her
cheek. She wiped it, straightened up, and took a deep breath, turning away to the
window once again